# Football-Analysis-
FIFA 2020 Football Analysis and Player Recommendation System
Football is amongst the most popular sports worldwide, with famous players such as Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo, and Neymar Jr. They have bought a decade of heat and interest in this sport. When watching the game, we find that the commentator can usually quote a player's historical and real-time performance easily, compare their career history, and perform in the ongoing season based on their past encounters. Such comparisons must have a robust database to back up the claim or even involve rather complex data analysis.
Sometimes, if the players are not familiar with each other, those statistics can help them develop countermeasures. For players themselves, studying that data can remind them what they should improve and whether they should change their strategy pattern at a certain point in the game. For common audiences like us, that data is a fun thing to look at and may help us even predict who the winner will be.
This project mainly focuses on those interesting prospects of football games and compares the players’ statistical standings using different factors. This project's primary goal is to suggest relevant players using Nearest Neighbour depending on their ratings and overall growth, relevant to their ranking. Considering the different player attributes this project will try to attempt the questions like Which player has the highest overall compared to his wage? Which player has the highest growth with time considering the different position attributes. 

